[somber music]
[Filip] She wanted to die.
She didn't have to kill Cyn.
She didn't kill him.
You did.
[Clarissa] Have you heard
of Winnipesaukee Island?
Islands are private enclaves
for wealthy people,
and each has a hangar
with a suborbital shuttle.
That'll get us to Luna.
We have put together
proportional response
strike packages.
Pallas Station is the one
I think we should focus on.
If we start murdering
innocent Belters,
we'll be fighting
the entire Belt.
Speak your mind.
I think we should
blow up Pallas Station.
[Naomi]
My name is Naomi Nagata,
and I'm aboard the freighter
Chetzemoka.
An automated distress call
in my voice
is being broadcast
from this ship.
[Naomi over recording]
If you get this message,
please retransmit.
[Naomi]
It is a lie, a simulation
to lure the Rocinante
into a trap.
The Chetzemoka is a bomb.
[Karal]
The truth is,
Naomi Nagata was
a traitor to the Belt,
- and now she dead.
- Pashángimang!
Camina!
[whispering] Please..
[crying] If you get this
message, please retransmit.
Tell James...
[Naomi over recording]
Holden I am in...
- control.
- Why did the message change?
[Naomi over recording]
Naomi Nagata...
Could someone be
on the ship?
- Could it be Naomi?
- It's impossible.
[Naomi over recording]
...control.
She's dead.
[Pella crewman]
Five Golden Bough raiders
engaged two UNN cruisers
and one MCRN heavy frigate
near Patroclus.
Four Golden Bough killed.
One UNN cruiser destroyed.
The other withdraw.
And the Martian frigate
was reported lost.
The Free Navy
mourns our allies
who died
in this valiant effort.
But it was worth the price.
Captain, tight-beam
come in for you
from Dewalt.
Send it here.
[Karal] Bosmang, as ordered,
we have been monitoring
the Chetzemoka,
and now
maybe there is a problem.
The distress call you created,
it stop,
and before it stop,
it change to this...
[Naomi over recording] This is
Naomi Nagata of the Roc...
[click]
Tell James Holden I am in...
This is Naomi Nagata
of the Roc...
[click]
Tell James Holden
I am in...
[click]
...control.
This is Naomi Nagata
of the Roc...
[click]
Tell James Holden I...
This is Naomi Nagata
of the Roc...
[click]
Tell James Holden I am in...
So, when we first
picked this up,
the distress call said she had
no control and nav.
Now some random comm
malfunction
just happens to turn that into
"I am in control"
- four times in a row?
- ...control.
That really seem random
to you?
This is Naomi Nagata.
Tell James Holden I am in...
[click]
...control.
It could be a malfunction.
Comms start to fail,
transmitter
begins dropping out.
Finally,
everything just goes dead.
Sorry. That's a bad
choice of words.
Maybe she's not in a position
to speak freely,
or she's hurt, and she
can't get to a microphone.
Or she doesn't have
full access to comms.
There's no way to know
until we get there.
Well, we're a lot closer
than the Roci.
We'll get there first.
If it is intentional,
why be so cryptic?
Why not just come out
and say what's going on?
All we can do is get there
as fast as we can.
[Bull] We don't exactly
have fuel to waste.
But I'll see if we can
increase our burn.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
This is Naomi Nagata...
[click]
Tell James Holden
I am in...
[click]
...control.
[Naomi gasping for air]
[beeping]
[breathing heavily]
[beeping increases rapidly]
[wheezing]
[rapid beeping continues]
[gasps]
[wheezing]
[groaning]
[grunts angrily]
[slurping]
[quiet music]
♪ ♪
[music intensifies]
[pensive instrumental music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Norwegian]
[tentative music]
♪ ♪
[sweeping orchestration]
[blades thrumming]
[soft footsteps]
[Erich, whispering]
How do we get into the hangar?
[Amos] I think I see it.
Stay behind me.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
[metal rumbles, squeals]
[Erich] You really know
how to fly one of these?
I do.
♪ ♪
[clatter, guns cock]
[porter]
Don't shoot!
Don't shoot.
Anything that's worth money's
in the house.
- Just take what you want.
[Hutch] Thanks.
[Erich] You live here?
[maid] Y-yes.
I mean in the house.
We're the winter staff.
Why are you guys
hiding in here?
[cook] We saw
your helicopter landing.
It wasn't marked U.N.
We thought if you
were coming to steal,
you'd go to the house.
[Amos] Depends on what
we're here to steal.
My name's Clarissa.
My family had a house on
the other side of the island.
[cook]
Clarissa Mao?
Your family came
to Thanksgiving one year.
- [softly] That's right.
[cook] You and your sister
spent the entire time fighting.
- And my mom made us...
[Erich] Hey!
Who gives a fuck?
Business first.
Tearful reunions later.
Where's the family
that lived here?
Uh, they left
a few months ago.
What about this shuttle?
Is it lunar capable?
Yeah, but the ship
hasn't flown in a while.
Not since I started
working here two years ago.
[porter] Some kind of problem
with the reactor, I think.
[Hutch]
Fuck!
[Erich]
Keep an eye on them.
♪ ♪
[hydraulics hiss]
[Erich]
Oh, nice!
Batteries still work.
Batteries won't get us
into orbit.
♪ ♪
[soft background chatter]
[ting]
[chime]
[commotion, applause]
[overlapping chatter]
[man]
Congratulations.
[woman] That's right.
[man] That's right!
You son of a bitch.
Nice to see you, too.
You went behind
my back.
The Secretary-General
asked me
for my professional opinion,
and I gave it to him.
[Clarke] Inaros was connected
to the arsenal on Callisto.
Maybe that should be
on the table as well.
[Tesfaye] Callisto
is a Martian facility.
So what?
If the Belters on Tycho
threw in with Inaros,
I call that a legitimate
target, too...
- Earth Corp or not.
[Avasarala] A target for what?
Follow-up strikes.
I'm expanding
the Pallas initiative.
The only thing
we should be discussing
is to how to spin this strike
as a limited
military objective.
And make it clear that we are
not at war with the Belt.
We are at war
with the Belt.
Madam, I respect
you feel differently, but...
Inaros is an extremist,
a rogue element,
as much of a danger
to his own people
as he is to us.
He didn't throw rocks
at Belters.
And we cannot let him
frame this any other way.
I understand
why you're upset.
I should have told you about
Pallas when I made my decision.
If we continue to attack
civilian targets...
The way Inaros
did to us?
Is he our role model now?
No matter what
Marco Inaros claims,
the Belters
are not one nation.
We can exploit that.
We can ally
with certain factions,
enlist them in common cause.
That kind of diplomacy
takes time
which we can't afford
to waste.
Our job...
my job
is to make our people safer
and to reduce the enemy's
ability to hurt us
as quickly as possible.
[Delgado]
We have to take this fight
back to the bastards
who started it.
And anyone else
who cheers them on.
You think
I don't want that?
You think I don't go
to sleep every night
dreaming about putting
Marco Inaros on the hooks...
watching him gasp for air...
and making his children watch
him draw his final breath
because
he murdered my husband?
[somber music]
♪ ♪
My Arjun is dead,
and I'd sacrifice everything
to bring him back.
And right now
everyone who loved
someone on Pallas
is feeling what I feel.
For every partisan we killed,
we made ten more.
[sighs softly]
Madam, I am truly sorry
for your loss,
but we can't let emotion
make these choices.
We have to be rational
and objective.
I think we should hit
Ceres Station.
It's the biggest port
in the Belt.
[Paster] I thought
Anderson Dawes was a friend.
[Clarke]
He'd never oppose Inaros
when push comes to shove.
[Delgado]
With Ceres and Pallas denied,
Inaros will be forced back
to the outer planets
to resupply.
It'll spread them thin.
It's a bold move.
There are millions
of people on Ceres,
hundreds of thousands
of children.
What are the scenarios
for a full-scale attack?
Is the intention
to incapacitate or occupy?
I will not be a part of this.
Are you stepping down?
Yes, sir.
Fine.
I accept your resignation.
You're dismissed.
[dramatic music]
You'll have to accept mine
as well, sir.
[Clarke]
Jesus. Dahane...
[Cebotari]
And mine.
[Yilmaz] We're supposed to be
better than this.
♪ ♪
[Josep speaking indistinctly]
[Karal]
Leave.
There a problem, ke?
No.
We just need some privacy.
The Chetzemoka
has not changed course.
Even if Naomi is alive,
looks like she doesn't have
control of the ship.
That may not last long.
Drummer said Naomi
was the smartest person
she ever know.
[softly]
Pashang-fong!
Drummer will insist
that we go see for ourself.
You're not going to
tell her?
She's my ankawala.
I cannot keep something
like this from her.
She not the only one
you love here.
♪ ♪
Marco knows the situation.
He will send us orders.
And when he does,
you and yours
will follow them.
If it happen
any other way,
what come after
will be your fault.
So you will keep
your silence.
Understood?
Understood.
♪ ♪
[silverware and dishes
clinking]
[Erich]
You should get a plate
before these animals
finish it off.
[Hutch] Rich people eat good.
[Erich] Ha.
[cook]
It's not fancy.
There's not much left
in the house.
We appreciate
the hospitality.
Any luck?
- Reactor won't start.
[Amos] She got enough fuel.
But something's trippin'
every time we try
to start the bottle.
The house batteries
are dead.
There's no backup
generator.
With no power, this island's
gonna get pretty cold.
[porter] Food here's not gonna
last much longer either.
Not that you're not
all welcome
to as much you'd like,
of course.
Should we be seeing how far
south the chopper can get
before it runs out of fuel?
[Amos]
Not yet.
Whatever's causing
the reactor shutdown,
it has to be mechanical,
electrical, or software.
[Erich] Oh.
That just means there could be
one of anything that exists.
Peaches and I can handle
the mechanical and electrical,
but I'm no debugger.
If it's a computer problem,
we're gonna need some help.
Could be a security protocol,
some kind of kill switch
you missed.
If you can convince the ship
that we're its rightful owner,
that'd be fuckin' helpful.
Yeah, okay.
You can fake an ID
like that?
[electronic chirping]
Fuck.
Hold it right there.
Are you
with relief services?
[Amos] No.
- Well, we saw your helicopter.
We've been waiting
for evacuation for weeks.
We're running low on supplies.
We're not here to evacuate you
or give you anything,
so fuck off!
You have to help us,
please!
They're just
more off-season staff.
They're no threat.
We've had no communication
since the rocks hit.
I mean, none of the houses
have power now.
We need food.
That's not
our fuckin' problem.
We're not a part
of any relief effort.
Sorry.
[overlapping entreaties]
- Then what are you doing here?
[woman]
Please.
We're trying to fix
the shuttle in that hangar
and take it up to Luna.
You guys
are welcome to come.
[Erich scoffs]
What the fuck?
- It's a small ship.
- It'll be uncomfortable,
but it's a short ride.
No one else
is gonna help them,
certainly not the people
that own these houses.
Are we gonna tell everybody
on the fuckin' island
- what our plans are?
- He's not wrong.
This isn't the thing
you want to spread around.
You want my help
fixing that ship?
We don't leave anyone behind
who wants to come.
[Erich] Fine.
We'll do it ourselves.
Stay here if you want,
princess.
Anyone wants to leave
better be at this hanger
by the time the ship is ready.
We're not waiting.
You understand?
- [excited murmuring, laughter]
[Clarissa] Follow me.
[Amos] Shut up.
[Clarissa] Let's go inside.
Your ships will rendezvous
with the Serrio Mal
and the Koto,
and together,
you will intercept
and engage the Rocinante.
Destroying it is your first
and only priority.
Make sure it is done.
Good hunting.
Tenye wa chesh gut!
[weakly]
Tenye wa chesh gut.
You have your orders.
- They make no sense.
- That's not for you to say.
You said that the Rocinante
was burning to a trap.
If that's true,
why pick the fight?
So that the Free Navy
can be seen killing
a symbol of assimilation
and compromise...
the thing
that has kept the Belt
on the Inners' leash
for generations.
Only a fool
would believe that.
And you are many things,
but you are not a fool.
You pledged your loyalty
and the lives of your faction
to Marco Inaros.
You withdrawing that, ke?
[tense music]
♪ ♪
No.
If it needs to be done,
we will do it.
♪ ♪
As well you should.
Ready the Dewalt.
I need a tight-beam
to the Serrio Mal,
- then the Koto.
[Bertold] Oye, bosmang.
[beeping]
[softly]
Give me your gun.
- Why?
- You know why.
♪ ♪
There's no need.
Then there's no reason
not to.
♪ ♪
Camina, please.
Do this for me.
♪ ♪
[quiet music]
[chime]
[stirring music]
♪ ♪
My condolences.
Thank you.
You came here
to say something, so say it.
Three more cabinet ministers
just resigned.
A no-confidence vote is being
scheduled for tomorrow.
- Paster's gonna lose.
- Snap elections, then.
Yes, but those are
unpredictable.
A lot of people feel it's
too risky in times like these.
- You're talking about a coup.
- What?
- That's treason.
- No, ma'am.
The ministers just thought
it would come across
as more impartial
if I were the one to ask.
Madam Avasarala,
if you were nominated
to lead us again,
would you serve?
Oh, my God.
They picked you.
Mostly for the name
recognition, I think.
The once and future queen.
Congratulations.
I'd like you
in my cabinet.
[laughing]
I'm serious.
I trust you, and you're
not afraid of me.
I'm transferring
to a strike group.
Hopefully the one that
takes out Inaros himself.
Felix, you haven't served
on a combat ship for 20 years.
You have a history
of driving military people
away from you.
Inaros has ships.
He has millions of rocks
he could drop.
He has the protomolecule.
If you go toe-to-toe
with him, we could lose.
I need your help.
Someone's going to kill
Marco Inaros,
and I'd really like
for it to be me.
A Belter, a Martian,
and an Earther go to a bar.
[laughing]
The Belter says,
"Give me a shot of your
finest Martian whiskey.
Drinking like my enemy
helps me think like my enemy."
The Martian says,
"Give me a shot
of your finest Earth tequila.
Drinking like my enemy
helps me think like my enemy."
You never finished it.
The Earther says,
"Give me a shot
of the finest Belter
liquor you have.
Best the Belt has to offer."
The bartender says,
"Because it helps you
think like your enemy?"
And the Earther says, "No,
because I'm trying
to drink less.
The best the Belt
has to offer is terrible."
It used to be funnier.
[glasses clink]
[soft beep]
How does this look?
[Clarissa]
It's green up here.
- Same as last time.
- All right.
Let's try it again.
Erich, run the magnetic
bottle test.
Peaches, he asleep up there?
[Clarissa] He's not here.
He just stepped out.
God damn it.
[softly]
Fuck.
[beeping]
[Erich] Timmy. Outside now.
We got trouble.
[Pinkwater leader]
You all must be pretty cold.
The power grid is down
all across the island.
Hopefully it'll be back up
and running in a few days.
Hello. I'm in charge
of private security
- for Winnipesaukee Island.
[Erich] Chief rent-a-cop.
[scoffs] I was just telling
your friends here
that we hope to have
communication with the mainland
back up and running shortly.
They want all our food.
And in the meantime,
we believe it's best to have
all food and other supplies
moved to a central location
for efficient distribution.
Fine.
- Bring it all here.
- We'll keep an eye on it.
My team's already set up
a temporary base of operations
in one of the houses.
We feel it's the best location
to secure vital supplies.
So you're taking
someone's house.
Now you want to take
everyone's food, too?
[Erich] This is
the most pathetic shakedown
I've ever seen.
[scoffs]
You must be new at this.
I understand you came here
in a helicopter.
My people will need access
to that as well.
[Hutch]
I've got a better idea.
Why don't you blow me,
rent-boy?
No one here
is giving you anything.
Well, if you think
I'm being unreasonable,
you can complain
to the authorities.
Oh, right.
There are no authorities now.
Except for me.
So why don't you
shut the fuck up
and do what
I told you to do?
I don't think I will.
[guns cock]
Is that why you're here?
For that old shuttle?
We were told
it didn't work.
[whistles]
[Clarissa]
Stop it!
[Erich]
Get out of the way.
We don't have to do this.
We were in Baltimore.
They're burying people
in mass graves along the road.
Please, just
put down your guns.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Just walk away.
Just walk
the fuck away.
♪ ♪
You know
they'll be back, right?
Enough people have died
for no reason.
Why are we waiting for them
to give us a reason?
It's a pretty stupid
strategy.
All right.
Let's get back to work
so we'll be gone
before they come back.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[hydraulics hissing]
I don't understand why Marco
wants us to take this risk.
It's five ships
against one.
We won't lose.
Now he's got you
keeping secrets from me, too.
You know something.
Don't lie.
You're not good at it.
If I'm holding
something back,
is it so unthinkable
that I have a good reason?
Don't treat me
like a child.
I've earned the truth.
Marco killed Klaes Ashford,
and I sat on my hands
and played nice with him
so you would be safe.
He killed a woman I loved,
and now he wants me and mine
to murder her friends.
And I go along again.
How much shit do I have to eat
before you treat me
with some respect?
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[beep]
Do you love us, too?
What?
You loved Naomi.
Do you love us?
Of course.
Do we mean as much to you
as she did?
♪ ♪
I need to
hear you say it.
♪ ♪
Yes.
It's possible
that Naomi is still alive
on that ship.
Marco wants us to kill
Rocinante
before they can help her.
You can't save her.
You know what happens when
someone goes against Marco.
If we are disloyal now,
we'll be killed,
not just you, not just me,
but all of us.
♪ ♪
I beg you to respect that.
[sighs]
♪ ♪
[beeping]
All finished?
As far as I can tell.
Electrical system's
intact, anyway.
You?
Timmy's now the registered
owner of the ship.
There's no hidden kill switches
on startup.
This operating system
is old...
but functional.
- If only the ship would start.
- Yeah. That would be nice.
[sighs]
He calls you Peaches.
Yeah.
- Why?
- I don't know.
Why do you call him Timmy?
Because that's his name.
Should I ask?
I wouldn't.
[beeping]
[indistinct chatter]
[Erich] If you want to run
another power cycle,
I'm ready to.
I'm taking a fuckin' break.
It's not going well?
I don't see anyone
standing watch.
It's quiet. Relax.
You!
Quit fucking around
and get up on that roof.
Keep an eye
on the tree line.
[Theo] Who the fuck
are you ordering around
- right now, old man?
[Hutch] Shut up and do it.
[Theo] I'll come
find you later.
Hey, get inside.
We'll let you know
when it's safe.
You her dad?
She's distracting him.
He can get laid
in his own time.
You keep pushing my guys,
they're gonna push back.
I don't want you
killing any of them.
We can all hug
and make up
when we get
out of this fuckin' planet.
Okay.
[sighs]
Opened the liquor cabinet.
With a rock.
Thanks.
Ohh.
[breathes deeply]
I guess last time you left,
you were happy to go.
Not at first.
What changed?
I found my place.
Great.
I spent my whole life learning
how to survive in Baltimore.
Just a street crook,
I guess, but...
[sniffs]
...I understood it.
Now it's all gone.
I remember
thinking that.
I don't want to leave
everything behind
and start all over again.
Ahh.
I remember thinking that, too.
[sniffs]
Yeah.
But you know what coming
back to Baltimore's taught me?
What?
No one starts over
'cause no one really
leaves anything behind.
[exhales deeply]
Shit.
It's the power couple.
[Hutch]
What?
It was right in front
of me the whole time.
Sometimes you got to stop
thinking about something
to figure it out.
Even if we do get
everything up and running,
who knows if this old boat
has enough thrust to lift off
with every damn person
on the island inside?
We're just growing
the tribe.
What?
Amos says
that humans are tribal,
and that when things get bad,
the tribe shrinks.
That's how it works.
- You should listen to him.
- I did.
And he's right.
But he's also wrong.
On the road, he said
we were a tribe of two.
But if we hadn't teamed up
with you guys,
we'd be dead now.
We were stronger
'cause our tribe grew.
I'm still not sure
what your collection
of scullery maids and butlers
is adding to the team.
Does it matter?
Maybe just being people
who need help is enough.
If we decided to include
everyone in our tribe
without demanding
that they prove we need them,
maybe people wouldn't have
thrown rocks at us
in the first place.
[laughs]
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Where did Timmy find you?
Serving a life sentence
for multiple homicides.
[device beeps]
[Amos] We got it.
Bad power coupling
was tripping all the power
when it got the juice.
I yanked it and ran a bypass.
Hopefully the extra load
won't set the ship on fire.
Hold on.
I'm testing it now.
[beeping]
[beeps, power-up thrum]
It fucking worked!
Okay, I'll secure
everything down here.
You guys do pre-launch.
Let's get the fuck
out of here.
[electronic voice]
Systems check.
We're leaving in 15.
Anyone who's not on the ship
is getting left behind.
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
Come on, come on.
Let's go.
[Amos] What's the holdup?
Let's move!
[Hutch] We've got trouble.
Theo, what do you see?
[Theo] Definitely
moving around in the trees.
No clear line of...
[gunshot]
Sniper!
- Everyone find cover!
- Over there, return fire!
[Amos]
Get the fuck down!
[gunfire]
Aah!
♪ ♪
Yaaaaah!
Everyone find a seat.
Strap in if you can.
Take everyone into the shuttle.
Come on, let's go.
♪ ♪
[grunts]
Thank you.
- [glass shatters]
[man] Lay flat
on the deck if you have to.
You might black out
when we lift off.
[metallic clank]
[Pinkwater crewman]
Kill the light cycle
and shoot anyone
who resists!
We're going now!
[Erich]
Aah!
[Amos]
Go, move, move!
[gunshots]
♪ ♪
[Erich]
Come on!
[Amos]
Move, move!
[grunts]
[Amos] Go!
[Hutch] Leave him! He's done!
[gunfire continues]
♪ ♪
[Hutch]
Aah!
[Amos]
Fall back! Fall back!
Go!
[gunfire continues]
[Hutch] They're fighting
on both sides.
Aah!
I got you!
♪ ♪
[gunfire continues]
[Hutch] You good?
- I'm good! Go!
Go!
[grunting]
♪ ♪
Aah!
[thud, crash]
Erich!
Go!
[screaming]
[Hutch] She killed them all!
With her bare hands.
[Erich] I'm gonna be a lot
nicer to her from now on.
[Hutch]
Clear!
[Amos grunts]
Get her inside.
Finish pre-flight.
[gunfire]
[Clarissa]
I'm not leaving you behind.
[gunfire]
[bullets ricocheting]
♪ ♪
It's gettin' hot!
[buzzer blaring]
Come on, let's go!
- [blaring continues]
- We got to go!
[power-up thrumming]
♪ ♪
[gun clicks]
- [gunshot]
- Aah!
[Hutch] Amos!
- Ah!
Aah!
[both groaning]
[Hutch]
Aaaah!
♪ ♪
Punch it!
[beeping]
[electronic voice]
Initiating launch.
Please wait until hangar doors
are fully open.
Fuck this!
[groaning]
[quiet music]
♪ ♪
[object clinking]
[hissing]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[soft emotional music]
May I come in?
Of course.
[beep]
You've been keeping
to yourself.
I didn't think
you wanted to see me.
To be honest...
...I didn't.
- I'm sorry.
You have nothing
to be sorry for.
- I wish that were true.
- No.
I brought Naomi here
because I thought...
And now she's gone.
And Cyn is dead.
And all because of me...
She's alive.
What?
Your mother is alive.
But...
I saw her outside
with no suit.
S-she somehow managed
to make a hard vacuum transit
to the Chetzemoka
before it got under way.
She's aboard it now.
She didn't walk
into that airlock
out of sadness or despair
or remorse.
She wasn't trying
to kill herself.
She was trying to escape.
[heavy music]
♪ ♪
She left us.
She left us both...
...again.
No!
[crying]
No.
[soft whir, chirp]
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[laughing]
You asshole!
[sobbing softly]
[mumbling]
♪ ♪
[stirring music]
[breathes deeply]
[intense music]
♪ ♪
[metallic clanking]
[clank]
[light dramatic music]
♪ ♪